They is not the third-person singular subject pronoun,
them is not the third-person singular object pronoun,
and their is not the third-person singular possessive pronoun.

Either use "one" or "she" for the TPSSP, "her" for the TPSOP, and "hers" for
the TPSPP.

The pseudo intellectual.

Having considered the affordances that stem from the paradigmatic
historiography in which Clifton situates the fulcrum of his syllogistic discourse, I will
now move on to that which has not been sufficiently, or at least ostensibly,
addressed in the text proper: namely, the degree to which the
anti-subjective, non-culturally delimited phenomena to which Clifton alludes
but does not make explicit reference are actually intellectual
Doppelgangers to the essentialist point that he makes in passing,
effectively deflating the philosophical polarity with which he would likely
have wanted to us to considered these two prismatic vantagepoints on his
subject of organized sound in time.

The pop-culture speech writer.

Music.  What is it?  This is what Thomas Clifton talks about in a great book
that I just can't stop thinking about.  What is that thing that's happening
when we listen to music?  Life.  And we can't separate the two.  That's
really what Clifton is basically saying with his deep thoughts.  It changed
my mind, body, and soul, and opened
up a whole new world to me.

The cheerleader.

I agree wholeheartedly with everything Thomas Clifton says in his extremely
intelligent and sensitive treatise on music.  It is surely the
best thing that anyone has ever written about anything, ever.
Although I am a man, I would not mind going through whatever medical
procedures would be necessary to have Thomas Clifton's baby.  The fact that
Clifton is dead will not deter me in this quest.  Then, I would drop out of
school and simply learn from this child as I raised it, who would turn my
days into endlessly ecstatic, perpetual soul searches that magnify and
intensify the out-of-body experience through which I went in reading his
magnum opus.